so I you know I've been talking to some
lawmakers in Washington about such
things about protection of digital
identity and one of the Notions I've
been toying with maybe you can tell me
what you think about this is that the
production of a a deep fake this the
theft of someone's digital
identity to be used to impersonate them
should be a crime that's equivalent in
severity to kidnapping that's what it
looks like to me you know cuz if I can
use my daughter's if I can use your
daughter's voice in a real-time
conversation to scam you out of your
life savings it's really not much
different than me holding her at
gunpoint and forcing her to do the same
thing and so I don't know like if you've
given some consideration to severity of
crime or even classification but theft
of digital identity looks to me
something very much like kidnapping what
do you like any thoughts about that yeah
I for for me I I I would simplify it a
little bit the
using section 230 or the First Amendment
to to try to claim that the the use of
our personal identity um to do something
online when it's a crime doesn't make
sense so if it's being used we we want
to simplify this first we don't need a
broad broad-based um rule on identity
necessarily before we simply state that
if someone's using this for a crime it's
a crime um and that that is going to be
proc prosecuted um if you're if you're
caught and detected which then goes back
to to to actually catching and detecting
that um the way that that Al that uses
the pre-existent that uses the
pre-existent legal framework and doesn't
require much of a move but I'm concerned
that the criminals will just be able to
circumvent that as the legal as the
technology as the technology develops
and that it that was why why I was
thinking about something that might be a
more a deeper and more Universal
approach I know it's harder to implement
legis atively but but that was that was
the thinking behind it anyway so yeah I
for for for us the there is a path that
leverages that content to bring it to
the device and I think understanding
that that mechanism and how it's brought
forward versus looking at the content
and I'll I'll give you an example of
what's happening in political
advertising um as we speak uh
understanding the pathway for how that
content is delivered is ultimately how
we get back to uh to the criminal or the
entity that's using that to to
perpetrate the crime the actual creation
of the content is incredibly difficult
to stop it's when it moves out to our
devices that it becomes something um
that we need to be really paying
attention to so in in political
advertising up to uh October of this
past year our customers asked us to flag
the presence of AI source code so the
idea there was they they didn't want to
be caught holding the bag of being
caught being the server of AI generated
political content right because that
just it it looks bad in the news
someone's letting someone use AI it's
going to wind up being disinformation or
some form of
deake by October we essentially stopped
using that policy because we had
achieved greater than 50% of the content
that we were scanning had some form of
AI it may have been to make the Sun a
little more yellow the ocean a little
bit more blue but using that as a flag
right to understand what's being
delivered out once you get over 50%
you're looking at more um than than
you're not looking at that's not a good
automated method to to execute on
digital safety um so as as we've as we
move forward we we have a a a reasonably
sophisticated model to detect deep fakes
very much still in in a test mode but
it's you know it's starting to pay some
some dividends and unquestionably what
we see is using the idea of deep fakes
to create fear is significantly greater
than the use of deep fakes now that's
limited to a political advertising
conversation we're not seeing a lot of
deep fake um serving in in information
or certainly not in the paid content
side um but the idea of fearing what's
being delivered to the to the consumer
is very much becoming part of of a
mainstream conversation yeah well wasn't
wasn't there some insistence from the
White House itself in the last couple
coule of weeks that some of the claims
that the Republicans were making with
regards to Biden were a consequence of
deep fake audio not video I don't think
but audio if I got that right do you
does that story ring a bell and and I I
think where we are at at this stage in
technology is very likely there is
plenty of deep fake audio happening
around the candidates so whether you're
Donald Trump or or Joe Biden or even uh
local uh political campaigns it's it's
really that straightforward um I think
on the video side there are going to be
people um working on it left and right I
think it's the idea of using that as as
a weapon to to sew some some form of
confusion among the popul doubt is some
doubt is going to be dramatically more
valuable than the actual utilization of
Def fixes to to move Society oh that's
you do a you so so you do think that
even even if the technology develops to
the point where it's easy to use so you
think that it'll be weaponization of the
of the doubt that's swed by the fact
that such things exist and and we're
we've been watching this for a very very
long time and our perspective is coming
at this from a from a digital crime and
a a safety in content safety in content
typically means don't run adult content
in front of children don't serve weapons
uh in New York state they're they're not
going to like that don't have a couple
walking down the beach in Saudi Arabia
right their their their Ministry of of
media is going to be very unhappy with
the digital company that's bringing um
that kind of content in I have the
beholder safe content drugs and alcohol
right targeting um the the wrong kinds
of people so so we look at this from a
um a lens of how do you find and remove
things from the ecosystem if we continue
down the path that we're on today most
people won't trust what they see and and
so we're we're discussing education
they're going to self-evolve to a point
where so much of the information that's
being fed to them is just going to be
disbelieved because it's it's going to
be safer um to to not go down that to go
down that path I'm wondering if live
events for example are going to
become once again
extremely compelling and popular because
they'll be the only events that you'll
actually be able to trust I I I think
you're I I think it's also critical that
that we find a way to to get a handle on
kind of the anti- newss and and get back
the the the entities promoting trust in
journalism um that that is a very
meaningful conversation and it is
something that we need to try to get
back to it's much less expensive to have
automation or create something that's
going to create some kind of situation
where people continue to click that's a
terrible relationship with the digital
ecosystem it's it's not good for people
to have that um in their hand and you
know with with the with the place where
digital crime is today if if you're a
senior citizen your relationship is
often net negative uh with the internet
right you you may want to stick to
calling your kids on on Voiceover IP
where you can see their face lots of
different ways to do that in in video
calling but doing other things on the
internet including things as simple as
as email it it may be more dangerous um
to to engage than any benefit you know
that you're going to get back and I I
think as we move closer to that moment
in time this is where we all need to be
picking up and focusing on digital
safety focusing on the consumer um I I
think corporates are are going to have
to engage on that okay okay so let let
me ask you a question about that
because one of the things I've been
thinking about is that a big part of
this problem is that way too much of
what you can do on the net is free free
now the the problem with free is that
let's take Twitter for example well if
it's free then it's
20% Psychopaths and 30%
Bots because there's no barrier to entry
and so wherever maybe there's a rule
like this is wherever the discourse is
free the Psychopaths and the the
Psychopaths will eventually come to
dominate and maybe quite rapidly the
Psychopaths and the exploiters because
there's no barrier to entry and there's
no consequence for misbehavior so like
we're putting together a social media
platform at the moment that's part of an
online university and
our subscription price will be something
between $30 and $50 a month which is not
inexpensive although compared to going
to University it's virtually free um you
know and we've been concerned about that
to some degree because it's
comparatively expensive for like a
social media network but possibly the
advantage is that it would keep the
criminal players at a minimum right
because it seems to me that
as you increase the cost of accessing
people you decrease people's ability to
do well
lowcost you know multi-person monitoring
of the sort that casts a wide net and
that costs no money so do have you what
are your thoughts about the fact that so
much of this online pathology is
proliferating
because when we have free access to a
service so to speak the criminals also
have free access to us am I barking up
the wrong tree or does that seem no I
does it mean that the internet is going
to become more siloed and more private
because of
that I I think it's going to go in in
two ways so one you will find safety and
how much money you spend and and that's
already true so when when when there are
pay walls pay Walls Within even large
news sites um the deeper you go into the
pay wall the higher the cost to reach
the consumer right not just coming
coming from the consumer but even
through with advertising and other
content uh producers the the lower the
activity of the criminal because it's
more expensive for them to do business
that that is true right that's been true
okay okay true true
throughout I think the other requirement
because we're very acclimated to having
free content is that the entire supply
chain is going to have to engage so when
you think through who who is responsible
for the last mile of of content that's
able to reach our devices inside of our
home
right is that the big Telos is that U um
the companies that are giving us Wi-Fi
and and bringing data into our houses
right now they're putting their hands
back and it's it's not our job to
understand what happens to you on your
device if anything there's a data
requirement that says we're not allowed
to know or we're not allowed to keep
keep track of where you go and and what
comes on to your device there's a big
difference between monitoring where we
go online and what is delivered into our
device and this is missing from the
conversation privacy is critically
important and privacy is about how we
engage in our activities on the internet
the other side of that is what happens
after the data about us is collected and
that piece is not something that is
necessarily private it should not be
broadcast what is delivered to us but
someone needs to understand and have
some control over what is actually
brought in based on the data that is
collected and that is a whole of society
meaning all of the companies all of the
entities that are part of this um
ultimate transaction to put that piece
of content on our on our phone and our
laptop and our TV need to get involved
in better protecting people
[Music]